[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
There, they found themselves
facing the New Fishman Pirates,
who were looking to destroy
the Ryugu Kingdom,
and instigated an all-out war.
Luffy finally defeated Hordy,
the captain of the
New Fishman Pirates,
thwarting their
plan for revenge.
[LUFFY]
There's the Sunny.
[USOPP]
Yeah, I see Franky!
He looks like he's
ready to set sail.
I can't wait!
[LUFFY] "Finally Time to Go!
Goodbye, Fishman Island!"
[CROWD chattering]
[CAMIE]
Madam Sharley?
Luffy and his friends
are setting sail now.
[SHARLEY] Oh? Perhaps
you should see them off.
Sure thing!
[MERMAIDS] Wait up!
We wanna go say goodbye, too!
[SHARLEY]
Sorry,
but I need somebody to
stay here and run the café.
We'll have more tourists here
now that we're rid of
that despicable Hordy.
So I need you girls
to keep this place
in tip-top shape for me, okay?
You got it, Madam Sharley.
[MERMAIDS giggling]
[gasps]
Ah, the crystal ball?
Don't worry,
I'm through with that now.
I don't need to look
into the future anymore.
[SHARLEY] After all,
Fishman Island being torn apart
by Straw Hat Luffy...
Well, that's a future
I never wanted to see.
So, if my prediction turned out
to be incorrect this time,
then nothing would
make me happier.
[CAMIE] She knows her
visions are never wrong.
She must be more
scared than anyone.
And it may not
come true anytime soon.
It could be tomorrow
or a year from now.
So we don't know when
we can stop worrying.
Look, Madam Sharley,
I know you're afraid,
but Luffy-chin and the
others would never--
Camie.
[CAMIE gasps]
I hope that you'll forgive me.
I shouldn't have
suspected your friends.
I see that now.
So you'd like me to trust
the Straw Hat boy, then?
[CAMIE gasps]
Um, uh-huh!
[CROWD chattering]
Here you go. For your trip!
Sweet, thanks, everybody!
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
Oh, Luffy.
Do you really have to set
sail from here immediately?
I-I only just met you!
Stay with us at
least one more day.
No, better yet, another week!
O-Or a year, perhaps?
Jeez, Weepyhoshi,
you haven't stopped crying
since the moment
we met, have you?
[SHIRAHOSHI] You're right,
I'm always a crybaby.
I'm sorry, Luffy. [cries]
[SANJI gasps]
Wow, I can't believe my fantasy
is finally coming true!
The beautiful Mermaid
Princess is in tears
because she can't
bear to see me go!
[MERMAIDS]
Bye, Sanji!
Forget the New World,
I'm happy right here!
[laughs] I agree!
In fact, our time
with these ladies
has inspired me to
compose a new song!
♪ I met my girlfriend
at the Mermaid Café! ♪
[SANJI]
Try not to cry,
I'll always have a place in
my heart for every one of you!
[ZORO]
I like that idea.
Maybe you should stay here.
I don't want to watch you
drown in your own nosebleeds.
You're just jealous
'cause they're not
begging you to stay, ugly!
Who are you calling ugly?!
[MINISTER OF THE RIGHT]
Your Majesty.
[NEPTUNE]
Hm?
Should you tell
them or should I?
It's only a matter of time until
the Tamate Box reaches her.
They need to know.
If Big Mom opens
the box, it'll explode!
[NEPTUNE]
Yes, but look at them.
[gasps]
[CHOPPER, USOPP crying]
It's all over.
We can't go to
the New World now.
Big Mom's gonna murder us
the second we get there.
Maybe if we start sending her
every piece of treasure we
find for the rest of our lives,
she might let it
slide just this once!
[BOTH] If we tell them
they sent her a bomb,
they'll lose their will to live!
[NEPTUNE] Come to think of it,
Minister of the Right,
those explosives
are ten years old.
It's possible they're
no longer functional.
Oh, I admire your
positivity, Your Majesty!
We do keep it rather humid in
the Ryugu Palace, after all.
And who really knows if Big Mom
will open the box
herself, anyway?
[BOTH] Right, then let's
just hope for the best!
Do I want to know what you
two are whispering about?
[NAMI]
Hm?
Uh, what's this?
It's a Log Pose
for the New World.
I'd like you to
take it with you.
It frightened me to think
that the one you'd be using
had only a single needle!
Huh? What's up, Nami?
So you got a new Log Pose? Heh.
Whoa. It looks pretty cool!
[NAMI] But why does it
have three needles?
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
Well, take a look at
the Log Pose on your wrist.
Notice anything odd?
Huh? Uh...
[gasps] It's still moving!
That's funny, I thought we
had stayed here long enough
for it to stabilize.
Oh no, you did.
Half a day is all you need,
but that's not the issue.
For the first half
of your journey,
the Log Pose was recording
the magnetic waves
of each destination,
so you were able to navigate
between islands that way.
However, the second
half of the Grand Line
won't be so easy to predict.
In addition to the
currents and the weather,
some of the islands
tend to experience
changes in their
magnetic waves as well.
Huh?
[MINISTER OF THE LEFT]
In fact, some islands have waves
that disappear altogether.
Huh?
Then how are we supposed
to find out where they are?
Well, you're sure to lose
your way with only one needle.
But now, fortunately,
you'll have three of them.
[NAMI] Okay, so why is
one of the needles moving
while the other two
are sitting still?
Are you sure this thing works?
Each of the needles is
recording the magnetic waves
from one of three
different islands.
This way, you'll be able
to assess multiple paths
and determine
which way to travel
based on your instincts
as a navigator.
It's likely to make
the difference
between life and death for you.
A skilled navigator will know
which direction is safest
by simply observing
the slightest movement
of their needles.
There are no guarantees,
but there is a good rule
of thumb you can follow.
Erratic movement
means more danger!
Changes in magnetic waves
are often caused
by abnormalities on the island.
[NAMI]
What? That's creepy!
I'd rather not know
that stuff, thank you!
[CHOPPER]
I'm with you on this one!
[USOPP] Me, too!
Why don't you go ahead and
smash that thing now?
But you mustn't!
Knowing where the danger is will
help you travel more safely!
[gasps]
Lemme see, Nami.
[USOPP screams]
No! Luffy!
[screaming]
Middle's one's going crazy!
That must be where the
party is. I say we go there!
[USOPP gasps]
We're gonna die!
[NAMI] Excuse me, but who's
the navigator around here?
I don't try to do
your job, do I?
So let me do mine!
Yeah, well I'm the
captain, remember?
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
Uh, Captain Luffy?
We like being alive,
so please listen to her, okay?
[ROBIN chuckles]
Don't be afraid, Nami,
I'll protect you!
Aw, look at her,
she's so adorable...
And now for the B-side!
I call it "Requiem for Us"!
Yo! Are you ready?
'Cause it's time to get this
show on the road, bro!
[ALL]
Huh?
Den taught me how to bring
this baby back up to the top.
Well, Luffy?
[LUFFY chuckles]
Right!
Let's go!
We'll miss you!
See ya!
[HACHI grunts]
I'm gonna stay here and help
these folks rebuild the factory.
You sure you'll be all
right without a guide?
Sure! It was fun
havin' you around,
but I think we'll be okay!
Oh, sure, screw it,
we don't need a guide!
I mean, what's the point?
Apparently, we're just
gonna waltz our way into
the world of suffering
and death anyway!
Exactly! Why don't we
all just die right now
and save ourselves
the trouble, huh?
[ROBIN]
Oh, dear.
[MERMAIDS]
Goodbye! Come back someday!
[SANJI]
You bet your sweet fins I will!
You ladies are all
I dream about!
So much for the All Blue.
[SANJI growls]
You've done so much
to help our kingdom.
We thank you.
I pray that you will
arrive safely.
Heh. Thanks.
Just you wait!
By next time... Whoo!
We'll be way tougher!
Even tougher than the
Great Knight Neptune,
and we'll be commanding
the most powerful army
under the sea-fa-
so-la-ti-dooooo!
[LUFFY laughs]
Sounds good!
[NEPTUNE chuckles]
Now, where's--
[LUFFY]
There he is!
Jimbei!
Ha.
[LUFFY] All right,
New World, here we come!
It's time to set sail!
[FISHMAN B]
Goodbye, Straw Hat!
[ALL]
Bye!
[CHOPPER]
Bye! See ya next time!
Well, time's
a wastin'! [chuckles]
[FISHCHILDREN]
Goodbye! Thank you!
[FISHMAN C] Come back for
more candy and meat sometime!
[FISHMAN D]
I like humans now!
Oh, and robots
and raccoons, too!
[laughs]
I'm a reindeer,
but I'll let that one go!
[BROOK]
Huh? Oh. Not me?
Be careful! Come back anytime!
Come back for more
takoyaki, okay?
I love you! Every one of you!
[chuckles]
[ALL]
Ready? Skeletons, too!
[BROOK gasps]
You did remember!
[crying]
Majesty!
[LUFFY gasps]
Luffy, wait!
[LUFFY]
Heh, whoa!
[SANJI]
Shirahoshi, my love!
[SHIRAHOSHI crying]
[SHIRAHOSHI]
I just wanted to say,
if I get to see you again...
...then I promise you.
I won't cry!
At least, not as much as now.
I hope you and I can take
another stroll together, Luffy.
Oh, yeah?
You wanna go back to
your mom's grave again?
No, not this time.
The place I want to
go is farther away.
[SHIRAHOSHI] I want to visit
a real forest, on the surface!
[LUFFY]
That's right, you've never been
out of the sea before, have you?
Sure. Let's do it!
I'll take you there
first chance I get!
[giggles]
[ALL chuckle]
Promise me?
Uh--okay, I'll pinky-swear ya!
Leave it to me!
Careful now, Luffy.
If you make a promise,
we have to help you keep it.
Remember. No matter
what happens,
you must never break
a promise, ever!
[NAMI] You know what,
though? Count me in!
[gasps] Oh, Nami!
[SANJI]
And me, of course!
[CHOPPER]
Yeah, me, too!
[ROBIN]
And me.
[BROOK]
Me, too.
[USOPP]
Don't forget me!
We've all given our word now.
No bones about that! [laughs]
[chuckles]
[ALL]
We won't let you down!
Oh, thank you!
[LUFFY chuckles]
So don't cry anymore, okay?
Right!
[SHIRAHOSHI giggles]
[NEPTUNE] Never forget
what they've done for us.
[PRINCES]
We won't, Father!
[FISHBOY C]
Hey, Papa!
[FISHDAD A]
Huh?
Can you pretty please
buy me a straw hat, too?
I wanna be just like Luffy!
Huh?
I'm sorry, buddy, but they don't
sell straw hats on the seafloor.
Then go get one from up there!
[gasps] I can't do that, son.
The surface is full of
humans who hate our kind!
There's no telling
what they'll do if I--
Huh?
Er--uh, what I mean is,
I've heard that some humans
aren't very nice, that's all.
But they're not all the same.
Some of them are heroes,
like Straw Hat Luffy!
[FISHDAD A, FISHBOY C]
Huh?
[FISHDAD A] Hey, Boss
Jimbei! Perfect timing!
I just overheard.
I'm going to ask a merchant
to get his hands on
some of those straw hats for us.
[FISHBOY C]
Really?
Yes, my boy.
You'd like to be
a hero, wouldn't you?
Uh-huh!
[chuckles]
[JIMBEI laughing]
[sighs] I miss it already!
All those gorgeous mermaids.
[NAMI] Look alive,
you guys. Don't goof off.
Once we ascend, who knows what
trouble we might run into!
You remember how scary it was
on the way down, don't you?
[FRANKY grunting]
Huh? What's with the
weird boxes, Franky?
[FRANKY] Those are hollow
cubes made out of banyan.
They're gonna help us float.
I can even adjust the ship's
speed based on how many I throw.
[ZORO]
Hm? Luffy, what's up?
Once we reach the New World...
...Shanks won't be far away.
I hope I see him soon!
[SHANKS]
In that case,
I'll leave this hat to you.
It means more to me
than anything else.
I want you to bring
this hat back to me.
But not until you've
become a great pirate.
There is one thing that hurts.
I won't be around...
to see you fulfill your dream.
It's fine. I have
faith you can do it.
'Cause you're my brother.
[JIMBEI] There is yet
joy beyond your sorrow!
What's gone may be gone,
but you still have something
left in this world
to treasure, don't you?
Let nothing stop you
from reaching the top!
By the way, I was wondering
if you've ever heard
the name they use for the
second half of the Grand Line?
[COBY] On the other
side of the Red Line,
at the far reaches of the ocean,
is a place that few pirates
or marines have ever seen.
They call it...
...the New World.
The New World.
[COBY]
There's a new era coming,
and the people who can guide it
are gathering on those seas.
They say the one who
can master those waters
will become King of Pirates!
[LUFFY] Who knows what's
waiting for us up there.
That's the greatest
sea in the world!
Took long enough.
I'm ready for some action!
It won't be long now, Laboon!
Just one half to go!
With this new Log Pose,
I can take us anywhere!
And wherever we go,
the Sunny can handle it!
Don't worry, I'll treat
all your injuries!
And as long as I'm around,
you'll never go hungry.
The great Usopp's
got your back, too!
[ROBIN laughs]
[chuckles]
All right!
Let's go!
[LUFFY]
The New World's waiting!
[STRAW HATS]
Yeah!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
depart from Fishman Island
and ascend to the surface.
The journey is not
a short one, however,
and it is filled
with sea monsters
of increasingly massive size.
While Luffy tries to
make dinner out of
the underwater abominations,
the Sunny encounters
a deadly whirlpool.
Helpless against
its whipping waters,
the crew must hope for
a miracle to survive.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"To the New World!
Heading for the Ultimate Sea!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!